Thank you! The example image works, but unfortunately others don't. I'm providing two additional images of multiple doorbell nameplates and what the manual evaluation results would be:

1.jpg: ["hartmann koop", "passilewicz", "hendrichs", "lunau", "h münster", "giegeler green", "karakyah", "strand", "f rudert", "marquardt imei", "faul"]
2.jpg: ["d3", "mister x", "t h", "anonym", "s m"]

Nameplates often contain periods (dots), which need to be replaced with spaces. All uppercase letters must be converted to lowercase. It's not about getting the exact same result—that's not possible since Google Vision AI might not recognize letters perfectly. But currently, I'm getting the message from the web app that no residents were found. The result is inadequate. It seems like something isn't working well in processing the Google Vision result. Please check that.
Additionally, in the first row of the table in the "Customers" sheet (row 2), I have the following entry: Damian Kudla Meier Mengelbergstr. 2 51067
When I enter the address data in the web app: Street: mengelbergstr. House number: 2 Postal code: 51067 City: Köln Country: Deutschland and upload the first example photo (which now works), "müller meier" is still shown as a potential new customer. However, the comparison should have recognized that "meier" appears in the Google Sheet at the same address. (Since city and Country is not nessecary because the postal code is unique and country is always Germany (you an give an error message if the current location is not germany) you can delete the inut fields country and city.) Additionally, the first entry from the table should have been outputted. I also want existing customers at the address to be displayed if found. Either that's missing or it's not working properly. Please check that.
Moreover, after uploading the image, the "Save" button is displayed at the bottom right next to the "Correct" and "Reset" buttons. On a phone (device with a narrow screen), the button falls out of the visible area. This needs to be adjusted via CSS so that the button is either below the other two buttons or otherwise visible. Apart from that, the button doesn't do anything and can actually be deleted.
There's also only the option to trigger a comparison if an image is uploaded. I also want to be able to just enter the address and then only get who is an existing customer at the address.
Please continue to ensure, as you've done very well so far, that the page remains in German by default and can be switched to English, and that everything happens on a single page.